Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.
This semester I was always learning about how useful functions are. But without a doubt,
the moment that made me reflect the most was precisely in my final project.
It doesn't mean that I couldn't have perceived it before, but by writing my own code for the project
I managed to notice how the use of these functions allowed me to focus on the function I wanted
the program to perform, dividing it into segments that helped me a lot to achieve the objective.

Definitely, it is a very useful way to organize my code, and to be able to better solve each specific need.


2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?
Although I would write my own code, and try to identify each function in the best way,
I believe test functions have great value, since making them as a standard will allow us
to verify and analyze any code errors regardless of who made it.

Furthermore, obtaining this ability to work with Test Functions allows us to execute tests better.
It is a very useful and powerful tool, and a skill that will make our work easier in the future.
​


3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?
First of all, I think I should run the program and see what possible error message the system throws up.
Once the error is identified we can have a better understanding of where we can start, and if we do not know it
we know what documentation we should review.

Another important skill is to develop Test Functions for this specific program, facilitating testing and problem identification.

I believe that the best way to improve the problem-solving process is to apply it constantly, practice in this case helps to
improve these skills.
In my experience in IT support that is the best way to improve, followed by constant learning and training


